Before starting the course let me introduce you to the Matlab software itself and the online help that
is available for this software.
So if we open up Google or dot com and write Matlab in the search bar then the first website is the
official website of the Matlab software.
The first thing you may notice is it's pricing.
Remember that it comes in four different types of pricing.
If we click here or we may know more about it for example the first one is the standard software pricing.
Most of the cases will not be needing it.
It's a two thousand three hundred and fifty US dollars.
Then we have the educational version of the software.
This is around five hundred U.S. dollars.
Again we have the homework which is around 85 US dollars.
And then there is the student version which is only 29 US dollars.
Remember that basically there are a lot of add on products which are essentially the toolboxes that
the Matlab provides.
So if you add additional toolboxes it will cost you additional $16 each per toolbox.
So what kind of tool boxes are there in the Martlet.
Well there are so many for example from the bioinformatics to man from the Image Processing domain and
so many others.
So you can always optimize it based on your specific situation.
For example we can see available aid on products list or here.
So we know that there are many.
For example we have one from the computational biology.
Another one from finance control systems data science machine learning and many others.
And the good thing about it is that you can always use the links that are being provided in order to
browse what actually these two boxes contain.
For instance if you are interested in the bioinformatics domain so you may click here and you may get
more information regarding different facilities that are available while using this particular toolbox.
You may notice the functions or you may look at the documentation's or some apps that are being provided
to you.
So these areas are essentially the boltin a function of programs aren't functions that people have written
for you and you just need to use it.
So what about the pricing.
The good thing is that in in some institutes they really have free worsens for their students so they
buy it in bulk and then they give it to the students.
So check with your institute if they can provide you with a free copy and if you are a student they
will definitely have a free version for you if that is not the case then you can buy for only $29.
Right.
The next thing is about community health.
We have a large community of online contributors for this software and here are some of the statistics
that we have there that we have these many contributors and these many questions per day.
There is one 20 questions per day.
There are a whole bunch of other useful information on this website.
One more interesting thing is for example if you are looking for some code you may have a better look
at here in the file exchange in the file exchange.
We have a functions which the people are developing by themselves and then they contributed over who
were here.
And we also have Eppes examples videos and many other resources.
So basically when you do advanced programming in Matlab you may not be able to get the answers of each
and every questions directly or alternatively you may be looking for some specific scenario for which
you are looking for an answer.
So the best place to look for the answers or specific problems is to search it over a year.
The other interesting place that you may be interested on this website and that may be of interest to
you is the support section.
So for instance you can write anything over here.
For example I am interested in the definition of the function called Mean which computes the average.
So I will go to this approach.
So in support again we have so many different options.
For instance when I look at the answers or at the file exchange repository or the examples.
Additionally we have a lot of videos that people try to contribute here.
So in conclusion it is your best website and if you are stuck with some very specific problem that you
find difficult and you are looking for possible solutions then your place there was a little interaction
of the Matlab software and its pricing.
See when the course.